Do not come
Have something to say
Put the knife down today
Cut the crap
Some people say this is the king
Need some love
If you don't want to die
Hurry up and get me a car
I'll come back when I'm safe and I'll tell him ok
Okay, don't get excited
I'm going to prepare it for you now, I'm going to prepare it for you now.
Dongliang Dongliang, I am Dongguai
I have arrived at the target area.
Can be beautiful at any time
Received the car has arrived
early morning
You know why I have to explain why
I want you to die
In fact, whether you enter the WTO to commit violence or attempt murder
Or the two sins go hand in hand
You can only help for a lifetime at most, or even let it go for decades
Salted fish is dead
And you are still alive and well
So
Ah, I don't want you to go to jail
It's your life
Li Mingchen
I want you to be buried with Yanyan